sample: processed-audio.mp3
whisper base version:   quicker translation time

"It's 38, I'm very glad to see you. The time is 1, assuming command. The time is 1, assuming command. The time is 1, assuming command. 
Yeah, fire appears to be hours. It's a fast fast. Received. Regents 3 officer for Regents 3 driver. I'm much more worried about you 
than you need. Howard, you're going to pop the back open here. A little bit more out of me, maybe not 100 gallons. You're going to 
have to flash it right now. Hold off right now. Flip the seat. Flip. Ahead of the 3 driver, we're just going to hit it real quick. I 
know we should be going for that. But day in 1 for mention 3, we're going to be picking up. Received whenever you're comfortable. 
You can let 10 or 11 in squad 1 go if you don't need them. Yes, squad 1's up here with us. I'll have him help us pick this line up. 
I'll let 11 know right now. We got a full tank. Received, thank you. Time for a tundary 11. This is your turn. Message 
received in our 11. District 1, ambulance 1 and squad 2, ambulance call. Check for well-being. 9, south, downtown Navinot. Your west, 
Campbell Street. Math page, AAD team. Gives the question. Psych you go. Good day, I went for mention 3, we're all picked up. We'll 
be returning. Received, we'll be leaving mind you. ambulance 1 and squad 2 responding to 9, south, downtown Navinot. Unit 2, David. 
PVE is on the scene. Requesting you to stay upon arrival. They have a suicidal subject. This is a private intoxication in the unit. 
Across of Campbell Street, 9, south, downtown Navinot. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance 
is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on 
the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. 
The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance 
is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. 
The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene. The ambulance is on the scene."


whisper small version:  longer translation time, but different message

"It's a 38, I'm very nervous. I don't know if we're behind you. What are you guys doing? Tower 1's on scene. Natural Battalion 1 on scene 
at command. Battalion 1 assuming command. Battalion 1, Engine 3. Go ahead. Yeah, fire appears to be ours. We're just going to hit some hot 
spots. Received. Engine 3 officer from Engine 3 driver plan. How much more water do you think you need? Howard, you're going to pop the 
back open here and put a little bit more out of it. Maybe another hundred gallons. You're good? I'm flashing right now. Do you want me to 
go ahead and fill up? Hold on for right now. Let's lift the scene. Left. Engine 3 driver, we're just going to hit it here real quick. And 
then we should be going one more time. Battalion 1 from Engine 3, we're going to be picking up. Received. Whenever you're comfortable you 
can let Tender 11 and Squad 1 go if you don't need them. Yeah, Squad 1's up here with us. I'll have him open to pick the line up. I'll let 
11 know right now if we've got a full tank. Received. Thank you. Time for Tender 11 returning. Message received, Tender 11. District 1, 
Ambulance 1 and Squad 2, Ambulance call. Check for well-being. 9 South Denton Avenue, near West Campbell Street. Map page, AAG team. City's 
requesting a psyche now. Good to know you went from Engine 3. We're all picked up. We'll be returning. Received. We'll all be leaving behind 
you. Ambulance 1 and Squad 2 responding to 9 South Denton Avenue, Unit 2, D. David. PV is on the scene requesting you to stage upon arrival. 
They have suicidal subjects, highly intoxicated in the unit. Across of Campbell Street, 9 South Denton Avenue."